Downloaded from
YTS.MX
[dog barking in distance]
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
[suspenseful violin music]
- [Ed] Hello?
Oh my God.
[suspenseful violin music]
- [Operator] 9-1-1.
what's your emergency?
- [Ed] It's my wife.
She's gone and everything's...
Oh my god.
- [Operator] Sir?
Sir. can you explain
to me what's happening?
- [Ed] I don't know
what's happened.
There's blood everywhere.
And she's not here.
- [Operator] I'm sending
them out right away.
- She's not here.
My wife's not here.
[mysterious music]
Okay well. can you
give that one to mommy?
- Thank you.
- [Kayla] You're welcome.
- You wanna taste it?
Just a little bit?
- No.
- Okay. okay. okay.
Cereal it is.
- Come here.
There we go.
- You have surgery today?
- Yeah. just one
with my new interns.
Did you have any
luck with the sitter?
- No.
My sister said
that she'll do it.
so I figured I'd bring her
back here after we go shopping.
- [Kayla] Aunt Leigh?
- Yes. Auntie Leigh.
And she can't wait to see you.
- Kayla. I will see
you after school. okay?
- Okay.
- See you.
- Have a good day.
- You too.
[sirens ring]
- [Ed] There it is.
The privilege of every
heart surgeon.
to be able to hold the
lives of our patients
in our very hands.
to have the opportunity
to be either a savior
or a failure.
That's why this opportunity
should not be taken lightly.
And why mistakes
are never an option.
Understood?.
Good.
Let's save a life.
[inspirational music]
- [Woman] Maybe he has a 1
o'clock appointment
available for me?
- All right.
- Good morning.
- Hey.
- You're here early.
- Did you get the
revised designs?
- I actually was getting ready
to look at them right now.
- Remember this?
Client just called.
Said it's been the
most successful
product launch in their
company's history.
Another reason why your award
tonight is so well-deserved.
- Aw.
I love it.
We can pop it open
during lunch today
and everyone could have a drink.
- Oh no. that's yours.
This is all your genius.
But. I'll see you tonight then.
Maybe we'll raise a glass then?
- Of course.
[light guitar music]
- [Ed] I feel better already.
Thank you. doctor.
- You're welcome.
I'm gonna give you
your temperature.
- What it say?
- 100.
- [Ed] 100?
Well. that's more like you.
- Well. I have a
waitressing interview.
Yes.
And I have another one
at that hotel on Fifth?
As a front desk clerk.
Don't make a big deal.
- But see. that's
a good thing why we
run out and got
you these clothes.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah.
- [Ed] Do I need more medicine?
- Wait a minute. what
is going on in here?
[man chuckles]
Hi!
- Aunt Leigh!
- Hi!
Hi baby girl!
- Hey!
- [Ed] Hey.
- So what's going on?
- We're giving daddy a check-up.
- I got an idea.
How 'bout you pack all
of this up for my place
so these two can get ready
for mommy's big night?
Yeah?
[giggles]
- [Leigh] Yeah. let's do it!
Ed. you have to see
this dress she just got.
It is smoking.
Come on. come on. come on.
She's so modest.
Smoking. right?
- Wow.
- [Leigh] Yeah.
I thought it was you
doing the shopping.
- See. that's
exactly what I said.
- Well. you had to wear a
hand-me-down to your graduation.
And look. I know you
dreamed of wearing a dress
like this for your
Valedictorian speech.
so you owed it to your 18
year old self to buy it.
Don't be so hard on yourself.
But trust me. once you see
her in it. you will thank me.
- Jade. I didn't know
you were Valedictorian.
- [Leigh] Of course she was.
Come on. little one.
- Wait.
There we go.
Goodbye doctor.
- Have fun with your TT.
- Thank you.
- Love you.
I'll see you later. Ed.
- See you.
- See you later. sis.
- Wait. wait. wait!
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
-Very nice.
- Guess I'd better go get ready.
[mysterious music]
[bright music]
♪♪
[suspenseful music]
- Too bad.
- I'll just um...
I'll wear my
anniversary dress.
- Good.
This would've made
you look like a whore.
[suspenseful music]
♪♪
- Where is your hard
earned award going?
The mantle?
The office?
The bedroom?
[laughs]
- I don't know yet.
- Well. you gotta show it
off because what can I say.
this one is brilliant.
Always two steps ahead
of everyone else.
- Thank you.
It's not like I'm saving lives.
[woman chuckles]
- That reminds me. my doc says
I may have a little murmur.
Any chance I could
get a second opinion
from the best heart guy in town?
- Rob.
Leave the man alone.
- I'd be happy to.
- Then here. a toast to
my heart and to Jade.
Preception's most
creative and outstanding
leader of the year.
- Sorry.
Never touched the stuff.
- [Rob] Come on.
it's the after party.
- [Ed] Gotta keep
the hand steady.
- Well. not me.
In fact. I'm gonna see
about getting another bottle
so we can all toast.
- What an ass.
I don't know how you can
stand to work for him.
You and I have a
special day coming up.
- That's right.
10 years.
- Would you like to
celebrate it like last year.
at Chateau Briond at Alouette?
- Well. it's your
favorite. so of course.
- Before we crack this
one. Jade. a few words?
- No.
I already gave my long-winded
speech at the ceremony.
[guests protest]
- We want more!
- Okay. all right.
all right. all right!
Well first. my team has
to come up here with me.
Wow.
This award may
have my name on it.
but everybody knows
that marketing
is a collaborative effort.
so if I could put
your names on it
or if could split it into three.
I would because I can't do
what I do without you guys.
- Well said.
- To Jade. yes?
To Jade!
[guests cheer]
- You're the best.
- Thank you.
Thank you.
[cheers and applause]
Oh. exactly.
Absolutely.
Thanks guys.
- Okay. love you too.
It looks like Leigh
and Kay had a good time.
- Hey look. in the future.
I want someone else
to look after Kayla.
- But Ed. she's good.
- Jade. don't be naive.
Your sister's been
back in your life
for a few months and bipolar's
hard to manage. even
with meds. all right?
- Yeah. okay.
[mysterious music]
- You seem to give that
Liam. quite a lot of
credit tonight.
- Oh. he's just
part of the team.
I gave them both credit.
- Then why couldn't he wait
to get his hands on you?
And you just let him.
Jade. it was humiliating.
- It's just work
colleague. you know?
Liam. Jen.
[foreboding music]
- You think he's better
than me. don't you?
- No!
- Just tell me the truth.
You think I'm stupid?
- No!
- You thought I
don't know why you
begged me to go back to work!
- I just needed to work.
It helps me.
- Here we go.
That's right. poor.
depressed Jade.
You don't seem to remember that
I'm the one who was
there looking after you
when you had nothing!
No one!
- I'm sorry. Ed.
- You're sorry?
What are you sorry for. huh?
- What are you doing?
- I'm sorry.
- No. no. no!
- Tell me!
- What did you do?
What do you do?
Just tell me what you did!
Tell me!
- Please. please!
- What did you do?
[glass breaks]
- You thankless bitch!
Without me. you'd be dead.
[thud]
[Jade groans]
I saved you. Jade.
Never forget that.
[Jade gasping]
[Jade crying]
- [Eds voice echoing]
I saved you.
Never forget that.
[romantic music]
♪ I'm not trading life
to be lonely tonight ♪
- Babe.
It's our song.
♪ So I cling to
♪ A speck of hope
♪ Hope that you'll see me
♪ Please. oh please
- Daddy.
Did you get mommy
more flowers again?
- I sure did.
You know why?
- No.
- Because she's
my little flower.
[girl giggles]
[woman giggles]
I refilled your prescription
at the hospital.
- Thank you.
Kayla. if you're finished.
you can go ahead and play
for an hour before bed.
[girl gasps]
- Okay.
- Oh.
- The realtor called.
Your mother's house sold.
She wants to know
what you wanna do
with the rest of her belongings.
- She's dead.
Just throw it away.
Don't need any
reminders of that drunk.
Did you work today?
- Yeah. from home.
- You know. I think
it's a good idea
if you make a habit of that.
- Ed. I'm expected
to be at the office
at least a few days a week.
[utensils clang]
- Then quit your job.
I mean it Jade.
- I can't.
I'm in the middle of a project.
- Your team will
pick up the slack.
[phone vibrates]
It's hospital.
[Ed sighs]
I've gotta go.
Don't wait up.
[dishes bang]
[light music]
[Kayla sniffing]
- Baby. did you
have a bad dream?
- [Kayla] No.
- [Jade] Well
then. what's wrong?
- I'm crying because
you do. mommy.
- When do I cry?
- [Kayla] All the time.
- [Ed] Have you
given your notice?
- No.
- We discussed this. all right?
Get it done.
I'll be home after dinner.
Okay?
[intriguing music]
♪♪
- Hey sweetie.
- Hi.
- Enjoying your breakfast?
- Yes.
- Good.
[intriguing music]
[door unlocks]
- Babe. I left my cellphone.
Is it in the kitchen?
- [Jade] I don't see it.
[suspenseful music]
- It's right there.
Bye doctor Kayla!
- [Kayla] Bye daddy!
- See ya.
- Okay sweetie. we gotta go.
Look. we'll get you donuts.
[Jade sighs]
- Hey.
- [Jade] Hey.
- Did you find everything?
- Yeah.
I put Kayla to sleep
in the guest room.
Thank you.
- Is she okay?
- Yeah.
She doesn't really
understand what's going on.
but it's better to be here
than somewhere strange.
- I'm here for you.
Both of you.
I won't bail on you
like I did last time.
Sisters?
- Sisters.
- Okay!
[women laugh]
Enough of this mushy stuff.
You hungry?
[dog barking in distance]
- Jade?
Home!
Jade!
[Ed sighs]
[suspenseful music]
[phone rings]
[phone ringing]
[Ed grunts]
[phone rings]
[Ed yells]
[dramatic music]
♪♪
♪ I need deliverance
♪ If you want to.
come and set me free ♪
♪ There's no forgiveness
♪ For the way
you're touching me ♪
[elevator rings]
- When did you
start working out?
- [Jade] Three years ago.
Why are you here again. Ed?
- Wanted to bring you these.
Brighten your day.
Where's Kayla?
- [Jade] Leigh's picking
her up after school.
- What does your sister
think about all this?
- If you're wondering if I
told her anything. don't worry.
- What is there to tell. Jade?
You broke up our family
and I'm worried about you.
- We're fine.
- You're not fine. Jade.
Depression doesn't go away.
I remember how low you were
after your parent's accident.
I think your sister
coming back has
stirred that all up again.
Just come home so I can
help you like I always have.
Please. just come home.
- Sorry to interrupt.
Jade. the clients are here.
- Thank you. Liam.
I'll see you Friday.
when you pick Kayla up.
[suspenseful music]
- [Jade] Thank you.
[upbeat music]
[cheering]
[whistle blows]
- Hi.
- Can't believe you two
are calling it quits.
- Yeah.
- [Shawn] I mean I've been there
since the beginning. you know?
Best man at your wedding.
- Yeah. I know.
I'm still trying to get my
head around it. if I'm honest.
Jade's obviously going
through something.
- [Coach] Nice. nice!
- [Parent] Good job.
- Well. I'm not telling
Wendy you're on the market
'cause she'd leave me
in a red hot minute.
[Ed laughs]
- Come on.
Settle down.
You run this town.
- True. but you saved her
with that triple bypass.
so I think you got one
up on me. you know?
[whistle blows]
- Go Kayla!
Good job. good job!
Good try!
- That was an incredible
pitch you just nailed.
I mean. we haven't
been able to land that
client in years and then
boom. you just do it.
- I think I just had
a good read on them.
[Jade giggles]
- Nah.
You always know what the client
wants. even before they do.
It's amazing. really.
- Thank you. Liam.
All right. I should
probably get going.
I'm already late.
But I will see you tomorrow.
- That you will.
Goodnight Jade.
- Goodnight.
Hey Leigh.
I'm sorry.
My meeting ran over.
Yeah. but I'm on my way now.
Thank you.
[suspenseful music]
Ed. what are you doing here?
- Here go your papers.
- Yeah. we'll they're
pretty straightforward.
I don't want anything. so.
- And you think I'm
gonna sign them so what.
you can screw that leech
Liam with a clear conscience?
- Let go.
Let go or I'll file
a restraining order
and how would that look?
- Go ahead and try. Jade.
No one's gonna believe you.
I save lives. remember.
And everyone thinks you're
crazy and you should be with me.
- I'd rather die
than be with you.
- And I'd rather cut you
up in a million little ways
than let anyone else
have a piece of you.
[suspenseful music]
[engine starts]
[tires screech]
- [Leigh] Oh my God.
I'm so happy you got
into this house.
- I know.
I'm so lucky.
All right. I think that that
is the last of the gifts.
- [Leigh] Yeah.
- Mommy. when is daddy coming?
- Well. you and your
daddy get to celebrate
your birthday again
this weekend together.
- Okay.
- All right. now why don't
you take this upstairs
and you can play with that.
And me and auntie Leigh
are gonna clean up.
- Yes.
- And put your pajamas on.
- [Kayla] Okay.
[Jade sighs]
- So. what does Ed think
about your new place?
- He actually hasn't
said anything yet.
- Well. did he sign the papers?
- My lawyer got them back today.
- Wow.
So that's it. huh?
- Yeah.
[suspenseful music]
[tires screech engine roars]
[suspensful music]
- All right.
Go warm-up with the team.
I'll be right there!
- Hey.
This is Diana.
Jade.
- It's nice to meet you.
My oldest plays in
the same league.
- Well. it's a good league.
- I should go talk to the coach.
- Yeah.
- I'll see you.
- Girlfriend?
- We've been out a few times.
Shawn introduced us.
She's great.
Hey. have a come by the
house and pick up your stuff.
- Oh no.
I'm good.
- Well. look. unfortunately.
I'm gonna be away for a
conference for a few days.
so I won't be able to take
Kayla for my weekend.
- It's no problem.
- Can I come and grab her for a
few hours on the way back?
Take care.
- You too.
- Hmm.
See you guys next week.
Bye.
[suspenseful music]
- Jade!
Hey!
Hey.
I'm glad I caught you.
I wanted to ask you earlier.
but you were so busy.
Did you want to maybe get
together this weekend?
- Grab a drink or some food?
- What?
- No!
- Oh.
Okay.
See you in the office on Monday.
[tense music]
[suspenseful music]
- Leigh!
Leigh!
Kayla!
[phone rings]
- Jade.
- Where is she?
- Jade. what are
you talking about?
[phone beeps]
Hello. Jade?
Jade. are you there?
Jade. is Kayla okay?
- She's fine.
- Look. Jade. I don't
know what's going on.
but I've just arrived
in Phoenix.
I've gotta go.
[dramatic music]
[intense dramatic music]
♪
- Jade. hey.
- [Jade] Hey.
- What are you doing here?
- I was gonna check
in on something.
- Oh. well can I help?
I am the boss.
- Right.
- By the way. I was really
sorry to hear about you and Ed.
Wendy and I. the four of
us never really hung out.
but I know Ed so.
So who knows. maybe you can
find a way to work it out.
He's good people.
- You know I was gonna ask
about something with the
school zoning matter.
It's fine. I can just
have the board follow up.
- [Officer] Are you sure?
I can help.
- Yeah. thank you.
No. no. no. it's
good. it's good.
- Okay. see you later.
- See ya.
- Bye.
[ominous music]
- Why didn't you say anything?
- I didn't tell anybody.
- [Leigh] I should have saw it.
I should've saw it.
- No. nobody saw it. nobody.
Everyone thinks
Ed walks on water
but he was good to me.
He was there for me when
mom and dad died and then
one day. we were
at a friend's house
and I corrected
him on something.
I can't even remember what.
And when we got home
that was the first time.
And I rationalized it.
You know. I rationalized it
to his mother always
cutting him down
but after that it was like
everything I did.
- Jade.
I'm so sorry.
And I swear
I will never
let him hurt you again.
- I don't think you can.
I think he's trying to kill me.
- What?
Jade. no. if that's the case.
you have no choice but
to go to the police.
- His best friend is
the police sergeant.
And I know Ed.
He'll turn it around.
He'll make me seem
like I'm the crazy one.
She's the one who had
the nervous breakdown.
another one he had to save.
The only way anyone
would believe it
is if it came from
his own mouth.
- Then what are you gonna do?
- I don't know.
[dark music]
- [remembering conversation] The
only way anyone would believe it
is if it came out
of his own mouth.
- [Leigh] What are you gonna do?
What are you gonna do?
[ominous music]
- So I packed you both
lunches to eat at the park.
- Can we get ice cream?
- Yeah. of course. sweetie.
- Jade. I don't think
you should be alone.
I think you should go
with us to the park
and we can figure out a plan
for you to get out of here.
We can do it-
- Kay baby. why don't
you go get your jacket
to go to the park?
That is beautiful sweetie.
- Thank you.
- I don't want you
to worry. okay.
But if something does happen.
I need to know that you're
gonna look after Kay.
- Jade. I am not okay with that.
- Please. will you
just promise me?
Trust me.
- All right.
Okay sweetie. are you
ready to go to the park?
- Yeah.
- Okay. now listen
to mommy all right.
- [Kay] Okay.
- I want you to be a good girl.
- And I want you to
listen to Auntie Lee.
- [Kay] Okay.
- And I want you to remember
that mommy loves you so much.
- I love you too. mommy.
[gentle music]
- All right kiddo. you ready?
- [Kay] Yeah.
- All right. let's go.
Hey.
be careful.
All right. kiddo. let's do it.
[ominous music]
[audience clapping]
- Thank you.
After performing 1.248
lifesaving surgeries
I still believe I can do better.
In fact. we all can.
And with what I will share
today. I hope we will.
[ominous music]
Most of us in this room
have devoted our lives to
cardiothoracic surgery.
So I don't have to tell you
that work-life balance has
not been high on our agendas.
Thank God for my wife.
[ominous music]
We've been tasked
with supporting
the most vulnerable cases
and it is my hope and desire
[dramatic music]
[items clanking]
with are skills and dedication.
we never have to lose another
patient on the OR table again.
Thank you.
[dramatic music]
- Stupendous Ed. I don't know
what more to say.
1.248?
- And counting.
- Don't be so modest.
[chuckles]
[ominous music]
[Jade grunting]
[dog barking]
- Jade?
Jade?
Oh my God.
[mysterious music]
- [Dispatcher] 911.
what's your emergency?
- It's my wife.
She's gone and everything's-
- [Dispatcher] Sir?
Sir. can you explain
to me what's happening?
- I don't know what's happened
but there's blood everywhere
and she's not here.
She's not here.
My wife's not here.
- [Dipatcher] Sending
someone out right away.
- Okay. what do you
want for dinner?
You think like macaroni
and cheese. maybe?
- Yeah. macaroni and cheese.
Daddy!
- Hey. hey Dr. Kayla.
How are you?
- Good. daddy.
- Good. good.
- What's going on?
Where's Jade?
- I don't know.
- What do you mean?
- Look. there's no time.
The police are gonna be in
touch and I'll call you later.
- You son of a bitch.
- Lee. stop!
- Where is my sister?
- Not now okay. please.
This is hard enough
for everyone.
I'll be in touch.
Come on. baby.
you're gonna stay
with daddy tonight.
- [Jade] Hi. this is Jade.
[ominous music]
[phone ringing]
- Yeah?
- It's me.
The cops are still there
but it looks legitimate.
I don't care what you do
just get rid of the
body and we're done.
[ominous music]
[Jade grunting]
[items clanking]
[ominous music]
[Jade grunting]
[car alarm ringing
in the distance]
[mysterious music]
♪♪
- Nobody would believe
what you tried to do to me
so I'm gonna make sure
you tell them yourself.
[ominous music]
[phone dinging]
- [Ed] How does
it feel to be Mrs. Thompson?
- Perfect.
Got my perfect flowers.
[doorbell ringing]
- [Ed] Detectives.
have you found her?
- Not yet.
Can we come in?
- Of course.
Come right through here.
- You said Jade has a
history of depression?
- Yeah. she does.
It started after
her parents died.
I helped her get
it under control
but about a month ago. I
noticed her spiraling again.
- What about the abuse?
- Jade doesn't drink
or use any other drugs.
We don't even
alcohol in the house.
- The physical abuse?
- I'm sorry. I don't follow.
- Jade's sister came
into the station.
She told use Jade
recently confided
that you'd been abusive
during your marriage.
In fact. she said Jade thought
you were trying to
have her killed.
[ominous music]
- I'm sorry.
I don't know where Lee
would've gotten that from.
but you're aware she's
bipolar. aren't you?
And a drug problem.
I mean she disappeared for 10
years living on the streets.
She didn't tell you any of this?
- No. no she didn't.
- Lee has some really
shady people around.
She even claimed she
was being followed.
Now I don't know if that was
in her head or if it was real
but now she's telling these
stories about me. why?
Because I have my
reservations about her?
You tell me detective. as
a father and a husband.
wouldn't you?
- Well. thank you Dr. Thompson.
You've given us some
leads we can follow.
- Thank you.
Detectives. what do
I tell my daughter?
- I would tell her the truth.
that you don't know
where her mother is.
- Thank you.
[ominous music]
- [Ed] There's my wife.
How does it feel to
be Mrs. Thompson?
- [Jade] Perfect.
Got my perfect flowers
and got my perfect man.
That's all I need.
- [Ed] Well from now on
you are my top flower.
I love you.
- I love you too.
We got married.
[Ed chuckling]
[dark music]
- [Reporter on television]
throttled the Canucks 9-2
and the Oilers needed overtime
to beat the Rangers one zip.
- [Reporter 2] Good morning.
let's talk about the weather.
Las Vegas 68. Los Angeles 72
with a high of 82.
Georgia 56 degrees
with a high of 71.
- [Reporter 1] And now Jen has
a local story.
- [Jen] Jade Thompson. a
local mother and wife
has been missing since
yesterday morning
when her estranged husband.
when Dr. Edward Thompson
called police to her home.
So far detectives on the case
have given very little clues
as to what may have occurred
other than to say
her disappearance is
considered suspicious.
We'll be right back after these
messages.
- If it has to be clean.
[ominous music]
[dramatic music]
[phone ringing]
- Dr. Thompson.
- [Female] This is Alouette.
calling just to confirm
your reservation
tonight for two
at eight o'clock.
- There must be some mistake.
I didn't make a reservation.
- [Female] It was made
under a Jade Thompson.
Shall I confirm it?
Hello?
[ominous music]
[rain pattering]
♪♪
[car horn beeps]
[ominous music]
♪♪
♪
- [Don] I got the cash
and her body's dealt with
so now we're done.
[ominous music]
- [Ed] Hello.
Apparently there's a
reservation under Thompson.
- [Receptionist] Here we
are. for two. right this way.
- Sorry. I don't suppose
you know when the
reservation was made. do you?
- Sorry sir. we don't
keep a record of that
but a card did
arrive for your table
so if you'll just follow me.
A server will be right
over with the wine list.
but the chef has
already been instructed
to prepare you and your
wife's anniversary dish.
the chateaubriand.
Enjoy.
[ominous music]
[woman laughing]
♪♪
- [Don] I got the cash
and the body's dealt with.
So now we're done.
[knocking on door]
- What the hell do you want?
- I need to talk
to you about Jade.
- Why?
So you can tell
me a bunch of lies
like you did the police
about what a drug addict
and a crazy bitch I am?
I don't think so.
- Look.
she made a dinner reservation
for us for our anniversary.
I just need to know did she
do that before to reconcile?
- Seriously?
You tried to kill her Ed.
so trust me
she wasn't planning on
celebrating your anniversary.
And let me tell you something.
if anything has happened to her.
I'll kill you myself.
[ominous music]
- [Don] I got the cash and
the body is dealt with.
So now we're done.
[ominous music]
♪♪
[door slams shut]
[gentle music]
[thunder rumbles]
- What are you doing. sweetie?
No. no. no. no.
not in the street.
Get out of the street. baby.
Kayla. where are you going?
[mysterious music]
♪♪
Where are you?
Where are you. Kayla?
[thunder clapping]
- Kayla!
Kayla. where are you?
Kayla baby?
Kayla?
Ah. come on. we've got to
get to your new babysitter's.
- [Kayla] Daddy. I saw a rabbit.
- [Ed] You did?
Okay. well maybe you can
tell Kelly all about it
when we get there. okay?
[ominous music]
[gate clangs]
[keys jingle]
[computer starting up]
[computer chirps]
[ominous music]
♪♪
- In four hours. some of
you will be assisting me
with what will be your
first transcatheter surgery.
So it's important we
go over the procedure.
We want to be prepared
for every eventuality.
In the first slide.
you'll see the aortic
valve in question.
Now this is where we'll
be placing the catheter.
The second slide
shows the placement-
[ominous music]
- I'm sorry. this is.
- Dr. Thompson?
- Get out.
[tense piano music]
I said. "Get out"!
[ominous music]
[thunder rumbling]
- [Don] This is
Don's cell phone.
Leave a message or don't.
[gentle ominous music]
♪♪
[thunder rumbling]
[banging on door]
- Why don't you answer
your damn phone?
- We were done.
- No. 'cause I want to
know if you did the job.
- You saw it. the cops saw it.
- Then why the hell does it
feel like she's still alive?
I just want to know.
I just want some
proof. that's all.
Show me that you did what
you said you were gonna do.
- Is that the proof
you're looking for?
- She never took this off.
- I told you I did the job
just like I got paid to.
So whatever's going on.
it's your deal.
[ominous music]
[door slams]
[thunder rumbles]
[ominous music]
♪♪
[glass clanking]
[ominous music]
[breathing heavily]
♪♪
[grunting]
[ominous music]
♪♪
[breathing heavily]
[crying]
[ominous music]
- Hello?
- [Officer] Hey there
Don. you going somewhere?
[emotional music]
♪ Hey
- Soon. baby girl?
[emotional music]
♪ Hey
[crickets chirping]
[soft dramatic music]
♪♪
[rope creaking]
[leaves rustling]
[camera clicking]
- Tell Kelly that I will come
pick you up tomorrow. okay?
Daddy just needs to
save a few more lives.
Okay.
[sirens wailing in background]
Jade.
Jade?
[dramatic music]
[gasping]
- Ed! Ed! Ed!
- Diana.
I didn't. I didn't
know it was you.
I didn't.
- Look.
I'm so sorry.
I just wanted to
make you some dinner.
- You look. you
look just like her.
- I should go.
- [Ed] Hey! Hey!
- Ed. please let go of me.
[footsteps retreating]
[Ed sighing]
[phone ringing]
- What is it?
[police chatter in background]
[soft suspenseful music]
Sean.
- Hmm?
- Hey.
- Uh.
All right. so listen.
Have you been drinking?
- I'm just. I'm
just tired. Sean.
- Okay.
Um.
- Dr. Thompson.
Um. why don't we go upstairs?
- Yeah. come on.
- What is this?
- Ed. someone sent
in some photos.
- Is that the tattoo you
told us your wife has
when you gave us a description?
- Who sent this?
- The number couldn't be
traced. but we're workin' on it.
- Ed. we need you to
confirm it with us.
Is that Jade's tattoo?
[soft suspenseful music]
- Yeah.
There are more?
- A few.
- [Ed] Show me.
- Oh. come on. Ed.
that's not a good idea.
- Show me!
[hand thumping]
[soft dramatic music]
- Based on your identification
and these images.
it's likely we won't
find her alive.
Although without a body.
we can never be sure. but-
- Look at this!
She has to be dead!
How can you not be sure?
- We. uh.
Yeah. you should be prepared
that she's. uh. she's dead.
[dramatic music]
[door slamming]
- Daddy?
Daddy?
Can I have some more juice?
- Yeah. of course.
- [Kayla] Daddy. you
spilled it. Daddy.
- I know.
Look. Kayla. Daddy's
gotta go to work.
- Okay.
- So can you. um. go
and get your school bag?
And Kelly is gonna come
take you to school.
- But I don't want Kelly-
- Just do it!
Look.
Daddy's just tired and I need
you to listen to me. okay?
Just go and get your bag.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
[knock on door]
Come in.
- Hi.
Is Kayla ready?
- She's just going
to get her bag.
She'll be right down.
- [Kelly] I saw on the news.
Are you and Kayla okay?
- We're fine.
Thank you.
I'll see you tonight. okay?
- Okay.
- Thank you. Kelly.
Bye.
[bowl clattering]
[soft dramatic music]
[dog barking in background]
[knocking on door]
- Good morning. I just need you
to sigh right here.
- Okay sure.
- [Leigh] Thank you.
- All right now. you
have a good day.
[soft piano music]
♪♪
♪ Hey
♪
♪♪
[Leigh crying]
♪ Hey
[heart monitor beeping]
[soft dramatic music]
- For god's sake.
put it in my hand!
[heart monitor beeping]
[soft dramatic music]
Right here.
I can't find the artery.
[suspenseful music]
- Pulse is dropping!
- Move!
[Ed grunting]
- [O.R. Nurse] What's gong on?
- We're going to lose him!
- [Surgeon] Doctor Thompson.
are you okay?
- [O.R. Nurse] What's
wrong with him?
- [Surgeon] I don't know.
- [Surgeon] Prepare an
ACE injection.
- [Surgeon] I need suction.
[heart monitor beeping rapidly]
[heart monitor beep slowing]
[sirens wailing in background]
[dramatic music]
[hand slapping]
[sirens wailing in background]
- I'm so sorry. Ed.
Just saw the news this morning.
If I'd known. well...
We got lucky your team
stepped up just now.
but it can't happen again.
Take a leave.
You need it.
- Peter. no.
Look. it was just today.
I mean. I'll be fine.
- No. no. no.
- I'm fine.
- No. you're not.
I can see it.
And no one's blaming
you. but it's a problem.
- No. Peter. I'm
your best surgeon.
- You can smell the
alcohol on your breath. Ed.
And if it were anyone else.
you'd be losing your license
right now. so go home.
Look after yourself.
- Peter.
- Get some help.
[soft dramatic music]
[crickets chirping]
- [Newswoman] A candlelight
vigil is being held tomorrow
for Jade Thompson. who
disappeared from her home
under suspicious circumstances.
and who police now believe has
fallen victim to foul play.
Her sister. who is organizing
the vigil. had this to say.
- Whoever did this. and
you know who you are.
you killed a beautiful soul
and I hope that it
haunts you forever.
Thank you.
[phone ringing]
- Yeah.
- [Kelly] It's Kelly.
I was wondering when you were
planning on coming for Kayla.
- Um. I'll. uh. I'll come
and get her in the morning.
Thanks.
[Ed sighing]
[metal clattering]
♪ Some will cling to
♪ A speck of hope
♪ Oh
- This is our song.
This is our song.
[metal thudding]
♪ There's no need to speculate
♪ I'm already alarming
♪ Simple times
were those to me ♪
[door thudding]
- Hello?
Hello?
[door thudding]
[door clicking]
- [Jade] Ed.
- Jade?
- Jade!
- [Jade] Ed.
I'm here.
- Where are you?
Where are you?
- [Jade] Here.
[gun firing]
- [Jade] Ed!
[glass shattering]
Ed. no!
♪ Just say you love me
♪ Honey. come on
- You're dead!
You're dead!
♪ Say you love me
♪ I need to know
- You're not gonna win!
You're not gonna beat me!
[sirens wailing]
[police radio chattering]
- Hey.
What happened here. bud?
Someone break in?
[soft piano music]
- It was her.
It was Jade.
[soft piano music]
- I know we don't have a body.
but you said it yourself.
Jade's dead.
You saw the photos.
- No.
No. Sean you don't understand.
She would never leave.
She can't.
She's here.
She's here right now. all right?
- Ed. listen to me.
Kayla's gonna go into
Child Protective Services.
- Hey?
No. no.
- Listen to me.
Hey.
I'm sure it's just temporary.
but come on. right
now it's for the best.
- Uh.
- It's okay.
Be right back.
- What's happening?
What's happening to me?
- It's okay.
[soft piano music]
[soft suspenseful music]
♪♪
[Ed crying softly]
[keys clattering]
[bottle thudding]
[Ed crying softly]
♪ Hey
[soft dramatic music]
♪
- It's time. Ed.
♪ Hey
[Ed crying softly]
♪♪
[soft piano music]
- I'm here in downtown
Hannondale where people
have come together to
remember Jade Thompson.
whose disappearance
and apparent murder
has rattled everyone in
this tight-knit community.
- [Woman] I'm so sorry.
- [Leigh] Thank you for coming.
- [Woman] Oh. thank
you. be strong.
- [Leigh] Thank you.
- Hi.
- I just. uh. just
wanted to stop by
and tell you how sorry I am.
- Thank you.
Uh. Sergeant Daly. right?
- [Sean] Yeah.
- Ed's friend?
- [Sean] Mmm-hmm.
- Right.
Um. is he here?
- Uh. I don't know.
I haven't seen him.
But. uh. but to
tell you the truth.
he hasn't really been
himself lately. so.
- Yeah. then you should stay.
Uh.
Good evening. everyone.
And thank you for coming tonight
to remember my sister.
I. um. have a few
words I'd like to...
I have a few words
that I'd like to read
that have been prepared.
Jade used to think
she can do anything.
And she could.
She was unstoppable.
Then one day we
lost our parents.
and there was nothing
she could do about that.
It broke her.
It broke both of us.
And then she met Ed.
the savior of lives.
Jade had it all again.
A career where she could shine.
A loving. beautiful daughter.
And then she had Ed.
her steady hand.
[soft dramatic music]
But how steady is it now. Ed?
Hmm?
Because even saviors like
you can be haunted by ghosts.
And those ghosts?
They will multiply
and they will grow
and they will never
leave you alone.
Not until your
conscious is clear.
[soft dramatic music]
And the haunting?
She won't stop.
It.
it won't stop.
[dramatic music]
- Hey. whoa. whoa.
Whoa. hey. I know this
is tough for you. man.
but you gotta stay.
- Let go of me.
[suspenseful music]
♪
[soft solemn music]
♪♪
[phone beeping]
[soft dramatic music]
♪
[engine starts]
[engine revvs]
[soft dramatic music]
♪♪
[knock on door]
[soft dramatic music]
[engine cranking]
[dramatic music]
[dog barking in background]
[water running]
[Jade sighing]
- Hello. Ed.
- You bitch.
- Is that all you got?
'Cause I'm so much more.
I died. Ed.
And I came back so
I could destroy you.
Yeah. it was me.
I did all of it.
- You're still dead. Jade.
To me.
To everyone.
But this time
you're gonna stay dead.
'cause I'm gonna
kill you myself.
[Jade gasping]
[Jade grunting]
- Let her go. Ed.
Let her go.
[Ed laughing]
- Ed.
I told you.
I'd rather die
than be with you.
- [Sean] Come on. Come on!
[Jade crying]
[soft piano music]
- Jade!
Oh my god!
[soft piano music]
♪♪
- Kayla!
- Mommy!
Mommy!
- Oh!
Oh. I missed you.
I missed you so much. baby girl.
- Where did you go. Mommy?
- When you get a
little bit older.
I can tell you why I had to go.
- [Kayla] Okay.
- And the best part is
you don't have to see
Mommy cry anymore.
- Okay.
- Okay. so I think that we
should go to the park
and we should get
some ice cream.
So. what kind of ice cream
do you want?
- [All] Strawberry!
[laughing]
[uplifting music]
♪